Julia Wessen 
IGME 202 Section 1 with Erin
9/27/15
----------------------------------------
Asteroids Project

List of user functionality: 
You are america and you have to fight great britain in the american revolution. 
You are the ship that starts off in the intro screen. You can move around using
w,a, and d. W moves you forward in the direction you are facing. A rotates you
to the left(counterclockwise) and D rotates you to the right (clockwise). You
are to shoot great britains when they spawn. They will break into tea cups
(their true form!). Make sure you shoot them down with your freedom bullets 
(hamburgers!). Shoot with the 'f' key.  You have 3 lives. When you're out of lives, it's game over. From
there, you can either quit or restart the game. Press 'n' to quit and 'y' to 
replay the game! 

Reasoning behind design choices:
I was thinking of something cool and unique to do for my asteroids. I didn't just
want to do something simple. I wanted to do something fun and big! So I thought
about making all my things circles and then thought of the cupcakes of the different
flags I made one year. Then I got the idea of the american revolution, because
I love the american revolution. I was originally just going to do flags, but
I realized a need something to indicate which direction the bullets would
come out from on the 'ship'. So I drew a gun on the America flag. Since PImage
requires transformations and push/pop matrix, I decided to make a
new design (tea cups)instead of smaller great britains for my smaller asteroids 
since PImage would always display the same size image even if you pass in 
different width and height dimensions. (Spoiler alert for above 1000 points 
surprise! In high school I had a fun time drawing our founding fathers of america
making out and scaring my friends, so I thought putting that for a 'surprise'
would be funny).

Brief Description of above and beyond features: MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS. 
PLAY GAME FIRST. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. 
	I added an Immunity Feature!: 
		If you lose a life, just start the game, or defeat all enemies on 
		screen, then you gain 'immunity'. This lets you pass through asteroids
		without losing a life. This is to prevent random asteroids from spawning
		and hitting you when they respawn/spawn so you don't lose all your points.
	Bullet expiration!: 
		You have 3 bullets you can fire at one time, and they also have a expire time so 
		they wont travel through space and never spoil (McDonalds isn't
		THAT bad ha ha). 
	If you get to 1000 points, something special happens!!!!:
		If you want to ruin the surprise, basically the background changes
		and different music plays and the bullets change too, all based
		on the theme of the background.
	Music!: 
		I added music. The first song that plays when you're in normal
		mode, or you just started the game, is from Liberty's Kids. 
		The next song is "Magnet" which is a japanese sexy song. 
		The game over song is "The Eternal Forest" which is a file
		I found in my music folder while searching for unhappy music. 
	Game Over screen with options!:
		From the game over screen you can restart the game or you
		can simply exit the game and move on with life. You start again
		with 6 enemies on screen everytime you restart once dying. 
	Extra British!:
		Once you clear all the british on the screen, they will all 
		respawn, except there will be one more than there was before to make it 
		increasingly harder. 
	It's looks like a fun, "wow" and interesting game:
		Enough said.   
	I DREW EVERYTHING MYSELF:
		No internet graphics! Well, only the background for the 'surprise'
		background, but the ship, bullet, and enemy sprites and backgrounds
		are all my artwork!!!


Requirements not completed: 
When looking at the gradesheet, the ONLY things that you might NOT NOTICE 
IMMIDENTLY OR THINGS I WANT TO CLARIFY ARE..
	1) Test for ship-asteroid collision
		a) When everything turns grey, this is the immunity 
		fuction I put into the game. Collision between ship and 
		asteroid is, at that time, not working because you are immune. 
		Collision between asteroid and bullet is still active, though.
		Immunity only lasts a short time. It is added so when 
		asteroids spawn when they're all gone or you've gotten
		hit and have to restart, you don't automatically have to 
		restart because an asteroid happened to spawn in your general
		position. When you start, you start in immune mode, so 
		ship-asteroid collision is off then! (Not a collision bug!). 
	3) Space bar fires bullets
		a) I think it was fine to use the 'f' key to fire bullets
		instead of the space bar. 
	
Besides that I 100% believe I did all the requirements.